---
layout: docs
title: Quick Start
category: Getting Started
---
### Why Puzzly?
We did create Puzzly because we would like to know which resources we have on our system in production including Business Contexts, Modules, Schemas, APIs, Caches, Queries, Tables and Topics.

### How does it work?
For each system resource we did define a metadata file containing information about that resource. Puzzly back-end will read this metadata file and transform it into json format and serve it to the Puzzly front-end.

### Prerequisites
The only prerequisite for running and building Puzzly is to have [Docker and Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) in your OS.

### Quick Start

To use Puzzly, you just need to do these easy steps:

1. Clone puzzly-devx repository at [Github](https://github.com/archmix/puzzly-devx)
2. Start Puzzly API and UI with this easy command in the project's root folder: `docker-compose up`
3. Point your browser to [Puzzly](http://localhost:4200)
4. Create/Update metadata file to represent your system resource. [More information](/puzzly/getting_started/2.resources/)

### What to expect as a result of using Puzzly?

You can expect a better communication flow between teams, an easy way to prioritize activities and promote reuse in your system. 

If you set standards for your architecture and design, you can use Puzzly to detect bad smells (i.e two modules producing the same topic).

### Contributing to Puzzly
To contribute to Puzzly, follow these steps:

1. Fork this [repository](https://github.com/archmix/puzzly-devx).
2. Create a branch: `git checkout -b <branch_name>`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m '<commit_message>'`
4. Push to the original branch: `git push origin <project_name>/<location>`
5. Create the pull request.

Alternatively see the GitHub documentation on [creating a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

## Help improve the Puzzly documentation!

Thanks for your interest in the project! Pull Requests welcome for any level of improvement, from a small typo to a new section, help us make the project better.

All the source code is available at [Github](//github.com/archmix/home)