---
layout: docs
title: System Resources
category: Getting Started
---

### System Resources
The following system resources are supported by Puzzly right now:

1. [API](#api)
2. [Cache](#cache)
3. [Context](#context)
4. [Module](#module)
5. [Query](#query)
6. [Schema](#schema)
7. [Table](#table)
8. [Topics](#topic)

### Notes about maintaining metadata files

All the __metadata__ files should be maintained under `metadata` folder located in the root of [puzzly-devx]({{site.puzzly-devx-repo}}) repository.

__Swagger__ files can be stored in the `data/swagger` folder located in the root of [puzzly-devx]({{site.puzzly-devx-repo}}) repository.

__Json schema__ files can be stored in the `data/json-schemas` folder located in the root of [puzzly-devx]({{site.puzzly-devx-repo}}) repository.

__GraphQL schema__ files can be stored in the `data/graphql-schemas` folder located in the root of [puzzly-devx]({{site.puzzly-devx-repo}}) repository.

#### API
In order to create an API representation, you need to fill out the properties below, creating a file in the `/metadata/_apis`

Property | Description
--- | ---
**moduleId** | Which [module](#module) provides this api.
**apiName** | Give it a good name.
**apiDescription** | Describe what this api do.
**apiSwaggerFile** | URL pointing to swagger file. i.e. `/data/swagger/file.yml`.
**apiGraphQLFile** | URL pointing to graphQL file. i.e. `/data/graphql-schemas/file.qls`.

#### Cache

In order to create a Cache representation, you need to fill out the properties below, creating a file in the `/metadata/_caches`. 

Property | Description
--- | ---
**moduleId** | Which [module](#module) provides this cache.
**schemaId** | Which [schema](#schema) this cache is based on.
**cacheSchemaFile** | URL pointing to json schema file.
**cacheName** | Give it a good name.
**cacheDescription** | Describe the purpose of this cache.

<div class="alert alert-primary">
    <span class="badge badge-secondary">Psiu!!</span> Use only **schemaId** or **cacheSchemaFile**, never use both.
</div>

#### Context

In order to create a Business Context representation, you need to fill out the properties below, creating a file in the `/metadata/_contexts`. 

Property | Description
--- | ---
**contextName** | Give it a good name.
**cacheDescription** | Describe the purpose of this context.

#### Module

In order to create a Module representation, you need to fill out the properties below, creating a file in the `/metadata/_modules`. You can think Module as the same you understand as Service.

Property | Description
--- | ---
**contextId** | Which [context](#context) this module resides.
**moduleName** | Give it a good name.
**moduleDescription** | Describe the purpose of this module.
**moduleConsumesTopics** | Which [topics](#topic) this module consumes. Use separated comma list (topicA,topicB).
**moduleProducesTopics** | Which [topics](#topic) this module produces. Use separated comma list (topicA,topicB).

#### Query

In order to create a Query representation, you need to fill out the properties below, creating a file in the `/metadata/_queries`. 

**moduleId** | Which [module](#module) executes this query.
**queryName** | Give it a good name.
**queryDescription** | Describe the purpose of this query.
**querySchemaFile** | URL pointing to json schema file.

#### Schema

In order to create an Schema representation, you need to fill out the properties below, creating a file in the `/metadata/_schemas`. 

**contextId** | Which [context](#context) this schema resides.
**schemaName** | Give it a good name.
**schemaDescription** | Describe the purpose of this schema.
**schemaFile** | URL pointing to json schema file.

#### Table

In order to create a Table representation, you need to fill out the properties below, creating a file in the `/metadata/_tables`. 

**moduleId** | Which [module](#module) this table resides.
**tableName** | Give it a good name.
**tableDescription** | Describe the purpose of this table.
**tableSchemaFile** | URL pointing to json schema file.

#### Topic

In order to create a Topic representation, you need to fill out the properties below, creating a file in the `/metadata/_topics`. 

**schemaId** | Which [schema](#schema) this topic is based on.
**topicName** | Give it a good name.
**topicDescription** | Describe the purpose of this topic.